                      Freeware License Agreement
                      (Revised October 25, 2007)

PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT (THE "AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE UPGRADING, 
COPYING, INSTALLING, OR USING SOFTWARE FROM TERABYTE INC. ("TERABYTE").

WHEREAS, Terabyte is a vendor of software products, and

WHEREAS, the individual or entity using this product ("User") desires to 
obtain the rights to use this product,

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises 
contained herein, and for good and valuable consideration, Terabyte and 
User agree that the foregoing recitals are true and correct, and agree as 
follows.

I. Definitions

  A. The Software
     Computer software products owned by TeraByte, and computer 
     software products owned by suppliers of TeraByte, distributed 
     by TeraByte under agreement with the owners of such software, 
     which software products have been offered by TeraByte as 
     Freeware, i.e. available for use without payment of licensing 
     fees.

  B. Media Fees
     Such fees as may be charged by TeraByte to User, or by User 
     to third parties, to compensate for the cost of the media 
     used to transfer the Software.

  C. License
     The right for User to use the Software pursuant to the terms 
     and conditions defined herein.  The absence of a license fee 
     shall in no way be an indication of a willingness or desire 
     on the part of TeraByte to place the Software in the public 
     domain.  TeraByte intends to retain, and does retain, all 
     intellectual property and ownership rights in the Software.

  D. Shrinkwrap Agreement
     The unsigned agreement distributed with the Software defining 
     the standard terms and conditions under which the Software is 
     distributed and license granted.

II. Acceptance Of Terms

  A. This agreement shall be accepted by User upon User's 
     performance of any of the following acts:

    a. Installation, copying, or use of the Software on one or 
       more of User's computers;
    b. Distribution of the Software to any party other than 
       Terabyte;
    c. Retention of installable version of the Software for 
       more than fifteen (15) days; or
    d. Any other act not consistent with non-acceptance of the 
       terms and conditions recited herein.

  B. If User does not accept the terms and conditions recited 
     herein, User shall delete, return, and/or discard any files, 
     data, or materials associated with the Software.

  C. If User has a License Agreement executed by an authorized 
     representative of TeraByte (and "Executed Agreement") 
     containing one or more terms and conditions which are 
     inconsistent with the terms and conditions contained in the 
     shrinkwrap license, then to the extent necessary, the terms 
     and conditions of the Executed Agreement shall supersede 
     those of the shrinkwrap license.

III. Scope of Use

  A. User may use the Software on an unlimited number of 
     computers.

  B. User may distribute the Software to third-parties only where 
     such third-parties are aware of, and agree to be bound by, 
     the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement.  Such 
     distribution shall include all files associated with the 
     Software.  Where User directs third-parties to download the
     Software from TeraByte's website, User shall not provide a
     direct download link, but shall direct such third-parties to
     TeraByte's web pages so that such third-parties shall be
     informed of TeraByte's policies and terms of use.

  C. User may only use the Software in accordance with its 
     intended use as documented by TeraByte and distributed along 
     with the Software.

  D. The Software may not be used to support any third party 
     product, nor create any tools or executable scripts for use 
     with any third party product, without the express written 
     consent of an authorized representative of TeraByte.

  E. User may not modify the Software, any accompanying 
     documentation, or any file utilized in the delivery or 
     distribution of the Software or any accompanying 
     documentation, without the express written consent of an 
     authorized representative of TeraByte.

  F. User may not reverse engineer, decompile, nor take any other 
     steps consistent with an attempt to reveal any confidential, 
     trade secret, or other non-public information associated with 
     the Software.  Further, User may not assist any other party 
     attempting to reverse engineer, decompile, nor take any other 
     steps consistent with an attempt to reveal any confidential, 
     trade secret, or other non-public information associated with 
     the Software.  Should User become aware of any activity in 
     violation of this term, whether or not under User's control 
     or authorization, User will inform TeraByte of such activity 
     and assist TeraByte in terminating such activity and 
     protecting its threatened rights.

  G. User may not sell, rent, lease, or otherwise charge for the 
     distribution, installation, copying, or storage of the 
     Software,  nor of any tools, scripts or other software 
     developed with the Software, other than a media fee as defined 
     herein.

  H. User may not sell, rent, lease, distribute, or use the 
     Software, nor cause the Software to be sold, rented, leased, 
     distributed, or used, where such sale, rental, lease, 
     distribution, or use is prohibited by any statute or 
     governmental agency of the United States or other 
     international, national, or local entity having jurisdiction 
     at the point of sale, rental, lease, distribution, or use, 
     nor may User sell, rent, lease, distribute, or use the 
     Software where User is aware that such sale, rental, lease, 
     distribution, or use is likely to result directly or 
     indirectly in a sale, rental, lease, distribution, or use 
     prohibited by any statute or governmental agency of the 
     United States or other international, national, or local 
     entity having jurisdiction at the point of initial or 
     subsequent sale, rental, lease, distribution, or use.

IV. TERM AND TERMINATION

     The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall remain effective 
until this Agreement is terminated.  Termination may be affected as 
follows:

  A. Termination by User.  User may terminate this Agreement 
     at any time by destroying all copies of the Software, 
     as indicated below.

  B. Termination by TeraByte.

    a. TeraByte may terminate this Agreement at any point 
       upon notice to User if user, in TeraByte's sole 
       discretion, is in breach of any of the terms and 
       conditions contained herein, and fails to remedy 
       such breach within a reasonable period, but in no 
       event more than ten (10) days, following receipt of 
       such notice.
    b. TeraByte may terminate this Agreement at any point 
       upon notice to User if TeraByte ceases to offer 
       Freeware licenses, or changes the terms and 
       conditions under which such licenses are offered, 
       and User is unwilling to accept the revised terms 
       and conditions.
    c. TeraByte may terminate this Agreement at any point 
       should User's normal business operations be 
       disrupted or discontinued for mor than thirty (30) 
       days due to User's insolvency, bankruptcy, 
       receivership, or business termination. 

     Upon termination of this Agreement, User shall return, delete, or 
destroy all copies of the Software, or any portion of the Software, 
remaining in User's possession or under User's control, including all 
distribution media containing distributable copies of all or any portion 
of the software.

V. OWNERSHIP AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

     TeraByte or its licensors own the Software under copyright, trade 
secret and all other laws that may apply.  All product names, designs, 
and logos associated with the Software are trademarks of TeraByte.  The 
source code of the Software and all information regarding the design, 
structure or internal operation of the Software are valuable trade 
secrets of TeraByte or third parties with which TeraByte has licensing 
arrangements ("Confidential Information"), provided however, that 
"Confidential Information" shall not include information which otherwise 
would be Confidential Information to the extent that such information was 
publicly known or otherwise known to User previously to the time of 
disclosure, which subsequently became known through no act or omission by 
User, or which otherwise became known to User other than through 
disclosure by TeraByte without violation of any party's obligations to 
TeraByte.  User shall not sell, transfer, publish, disclose, display or 
otherwise permit access to any Confidential Information by any third 
party, nor use any of the Confidential Information, except strictly as 
part of the Software in the form originally distributed by TeraByte.

VI. Disclaimer of Warranty

     The software and related documentation are provided "as is", 
without warranty of any kind. TeraByte, Inc. disclaims all warranties, 
express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties 
of design, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose. TeraByte, 
Inc. does not warrant that the functions contained in the software or 
documentation will meet User's requirements, or that the operation of the 
software will be error-free, complete, or that defects in the software or 
documentation will be corrected.

VII. Limitation of Liability

     Under no circumstances shall TeraByte, Inc., nor any other person 
or entity involved in the creation, production, or delivery of the 
Software be liable for any lost revenue or profits or any incidental, 
indirect, special, punitive, or consequential damages that result from 
the use or inability to use the Software or related products or 
documentation, even if TeraByte, Inc. has been advised of the possibility 
of such damages.

     Some states do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability 
for incidental or consequential damages so the above limitation or 
exclusion may not apply. In no event shall TeraByte, Inc.'s total 
liability to User for all damages, losses, and causes of action, whether 
in contract, tort or otherwise, exceed the amount paid for the software, 
including media fees.

VIII. HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES

     The Software is not fault-tolerant and is not designed, 
manufactured or intended for use on equipment or software running in 
hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance, including but not 
limited to the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or 
communication systems, air traffic control, direct life support machines, 
or weapons systems, in which the failure of the Software could contribute 
to death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage 
("High Risk Activities").  TERABYTE AND ITS SUPPLIERS SPECIFICALLY 
DISCLAIM ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS OF THE SOFTWARE FOR 
HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES.  TERABYTE DOES NOT AUTHORIZE USE OF THE SOFTWARE 
FOR ANY HIGH RISK ACTIVITY.  USER AGREES TO DEFEND AND INDEMNIFY 
TERABYTE, AND HOLD TERABYTE HARMLESS, FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL 
CLAIMS, ACTIONS, LOSSES, COSTS JUDGMENTS AND DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN 
CONNECTION WITH USE IN RELATION TO ANY HIGH RISK ACTIVITY OF ANY COPY OF 
THE SOFTWARE RELATING TO THIS LICENSE.

IX. GENERAL TERMS

  A. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
     agreement between User and TeraByte in regard to the subject 
     matter herein, and supersedes all previous and 
     contemporaneous agreements, proposals and communications, 
     written or oral between the parties.  No amendment of this 
     Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by 
     duly authorized representatives of both parties.

  B. NON-WAIVER. Waiver by TeraByte of any violation of any 
     provision of this License shall not be deemed to waive any 
     further or future violation of the same or any other 
     provision.

  C. LAW AND JURISDICTION. This License and any dispute relating 
     to the Software or to this License shall be governed by the 
     laws of the United States and the laws of the State of 
     Nevada, without regard to U.S. or Nevada choice of law rules.  
     User agrees and consents that jurisdiction and proper venue 
     for all claims, actions and proceedings of any kind relating 
     to TeraByte or the matters in this License shall be 
     exclusively in courts located in Las Vegas, Nevada.  If a 
     court with the necessary subject matter jurisdiction over a 
     given matter cannot be found in Las Vegas, then jurisdiction 
     for that matter shall be exclusively in a court with the 
     proper jurisdiction as close to Las Vegas as possible, and 
     within Nevada if possible.

  D. SEVERABILITY. If any part or provision of this License is 
     held to be unenforceable for any purpose, including but not 
     limited to public policy grounds, then both parties agree 
     that the remainder of the License shall be fully enforceable 
     as if the unenforceable part or provision never existed.

  E. NON-ASSIGNMENT. User may not assign this License without the 
     prior written consent of TeraByte, except, where User is a 
     commercial entity, as part of a sale of all or substantially 
     all of the assets of User's business.

  F. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. There are no third party 
     beneficiaries of any promises, obligations or representations 
     made by TeraByte herein.

  G. HEIRS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall be binding on and 
     shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, 
     administrators, successors and assigns of the parties hereto, 
     but nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as a consent 
     by TeraByte to any assignment of this agreement except as 
     provided hereinabove.

  H. SURVIVAL. The provisions of paragraphs II.C, III.B, III.C-H, 
     V, VI, VII, VIII, and IX.A-C of this Agreement shall survive 
     any termination or expiration of this Agreement.
